LOPS-741 - PantheonSecrets Documentation (#8975)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/secrets/06-troubleshooting.md

Possible causes for this error:

- This error happens when [https://packagist.org/packages/pivvenit/acf-pro-installer](https://packagist.org/packages/pivvenit/acf-pro-installer) is used and the ACF_PRO_KEY is not available
- Please note that the plugin is no longer supported by the developer as ACF now has built-in composer support. It’s a good idea to recommend customers to switch to it.

</dt>
<dd>

**Solution:**

If the plugin is still in use:
- Look for the secret with name ACF_PRO_KEY, it should be of type env and scope ic. Delete and recreate if type or scope doesn’t match.

- Make sure the site is running PHP >= 8

</dd>
<dt>

**Problem:** Error cloning private package via SSH. IC builds + secrets management is intended to clone over https and not over ssh as that would require a ssh key and the process to set things up is way more complex than http auth.

An example error message associated to this error is:

- Failed to execute git clone --mirror -- 'git@github.com:biltmoreco/advanced-custom-fields-pro.git' '/home/pantheon-app/.cache/composer/vcs/git-github.com-biltmoreco-advanced-custom-fields-pro.git/'

</dt>
<dd>

> **Solution:** Change the repository definition (in composer.json) to use https instead of ssh. In this example, the repository would be https://github.com/biltmoreco/advanced-custom-fields-pro.git

Reviewer: I removed all the dl/dd/dt tags and turned it into a bulleted list.  This can probably be improved more but I'm not sure how..

And the end of the section is still shorthand..

---
title: Pantheon Secrets Guide
subtitle: Troubleshooting
description: Securely store secrets in the Pantheon Platform.
terminuspage: true
contributors: [stovak]
contenttype: [guide]
innav: [true]
categories: [secrets]
cms: [drupal, wordpress]
audience: [development]
product: [secrets]
integration: [--]
tags: [reference, cli, local, terminus, workflow]
permalink: docs/guides/secrets/troubleshooting
reviewed: "2024-05-01"
---
## Integrated Composer Build fails on private packages

This is the most common error when sites are using secrets and Integrated Composer. This may manifest in different ways and may be caused by different problems. This playbook tries to cover them.

**Error getting a private package during the IC build**

This is the most common error; an example message associated to this error is:

- Failed to download vendor/package from dist (where vendor/package may be any private package)

Some possible causes for this error:

<dl>
<dt>

> **Problem:** Secrets are not correctly set for the site. Secrets for IC should be of scope ic and type composer. See instructions in the plugin README: [https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus-secrets-manager-plugin#mechanism-1-oauth-composer-authentication](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus-secrets-manager-plugin#mechanism-1-oauth-composer-authentication)

Reviewer 2: This could reference the docs page rather than the plugin README now.

Reviewer: > **Problem:** Secrets are not correctly set for the site. Secrets for Integrated Composer to use need to be type `composer` and have scope `ic`. Secret types and scopes are covered in the [Basic Concepts](/guides/secrets/02-basic-concepts) documentation.

</dt>
<dd>

**Solution:** ask the client to delete and recreate the secret if scope and type do not match for the given secret name

</dd>
</dl>

<dt>

**Problem:** Secret value/token may be expired

</dt>
<dd>

> **Solution:** ask the client to set the secret again to an updated value

Reviewer 3: Some weird formatting in the rendered version here. Maybe from the HTML?

</dd>

<dt>

> Problem: Site may be running on a PHP version < 8. If this is the case, there will be a message in the job output: “Skipping setting up secrets as it is not supported in PHP < 8”

Reviewer 2: We added support for PHP 7.4, I believe

Reviewer: > **Problem**: Site may be running on a PHP version below 7.4. If this is the case, there will be a message in the job output: “Skipping setting up secrets as it is not supported in PHP below 7.4”

> Problem: Site may be running on a PHP version < 8. If this is the case, there will be a message in the job output: “Skipping setting up secrets as it is not supported in PHP < 8”

Reviewer 3: Inconsistent use of bold/unbold for the Problems/Solutions. They should probably all be **bold**.

</dt>
<dd>

> Solution: ask the client to upgrade to PHP 8.1 or greater

Reviewer 2: The customer SHOULD upgrade to 8.1 or later, but 7.4 should be enough for secrets.

Reviewer: > **Solution**: Upgrade the client to a supported PHP version.

An example error message associated to this error is:

- Failed to execute git clone --mirror -- 'git@github.com:biltmoreco/advanced-custom-fields-pro.git' '/home/pantheon-app/.cache/composer/vcs/git-github.com-biltmoreco-advanced-custom-fields-pro.git/'

</dt>
<dd>

**Solution:** Change the repository definition (in composer.json) to use https instead of ssh. In this example, the repository would be https://github.com/biltmoreco/advanced-custom-fields-pro.git
</dd>
<dt>

**Problem:** Errors setting or deleting secrets

</dt>

[https://getpantheon.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CS/pages/2703163413/Errors+setting+or+deleting+secrets](https://getpantheon.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CS/pages/2703163413/Errors+setting+or+deleting+secrets)

## Rate limiting

[https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus-secrets-manager-plugin?tab=readme-ov-file#rate-limiting](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus-secrets-manager-plugin?tab=readme-ov-file#rate-limiting)

## Still having issues?

Contact support

> What about open source projects? I (Kevin) still think it's better to go through support but unsure…

Reviewer 2: Fix up this note.

Reviewer: > ## Still having issues?
>
> [Contact support](https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/support/contact-support/)

product: [secrets]
integration: [--]
tags: [reference, cli, local, terminus, workflow]
permalink: docs/guides/secrets/troubleshooting
reviewed: "2024-05-01"
---
## Integrated Composer Build fails on private packages

This is the most common error when sites are using secrets and Integrated Composer. This may manifest in different ways and may be caused by different problems. This playbook tries to cover them.

### Error getting a private package during the IC build

This is the most common error; an example message associated to this error is:

```
Failed to download vendor/package from dist
```
(where vendor/package may be any private package)

Some possible causes for this error:

- **Problem:** Secrets are not correctly set for the site. Secrets for Integrated Composer to use need to be type `composer` and have scope `ic`. Secret types and scopes are covered in the [Basic Concepts](/guides/secrets/02-basic-concepts) documentation.

  **Solution:** ask the client to delete and recreate the secret if scope and type do not match for the given secret name

- **Problem:** Secret value/token may be expired

  **Solution:** ask the client to set the secret again to an updated value

> - **Problem**: Site may be running on a PHP version below 7.4. If this is the case, there will be a message in the job output: “Skipping setting up secrets as it is not supported in PHP below 7.4”

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Problem**: Site may be running on a PHP version below 8.0. If this is the case, there will be a message in the job output: “Skipping setting up secrets as it is not supported in PHP below 8.0”
```
[PHP 8.0 or later is required](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/site-job-scripts/blob/aa42f269e00747a9d7a4d1a7b9daafa548edfbfc/devops/k8s/configmaps/all/job-scripts/setup-secrets.php#L15) to use Secrets in IC builds.

Reviewer: Someone requested this 8.0 be changed to 7.4, but I can't remember who, and I'm not sure how to search through the nearly 100 conversations to find which one was about PHP version support.

Secrets in IC builds are not supported in PHP 7.4: https://github.com/pantheon-systems/site-job-scripts/blob/master/devops/k8s/configmaps/all/job-scripts/setup-secrets.php#L12-L16

I think only the terminus plugin and the appserver runtime library work in PHP 7.4.  IC does not, and this section is about IC.

cc @jazzsequence in case it was you that requested this be changed to 7.4.

  Possible causes for this error:

  - This error happens when [https://packagist.org/packages/pivvenit/acf-pro-installer](https://packagist.org/packages/pivvenit/acf-pro-installer) is used and the ACF_PRO_KEY is not available
  - Please note that the plugin is no longer supported by the developer as ACF now has built-in composer support. It’s a good idea to recommend customers to switch to it.

  **Solution:**

  If the plugin is still in use:
  - Look for the secret with name ACF_PRO_KEY, it should be of type env and scope ic. Delete and recreate if type or scope doesn’t match.
  - Make sure the site is running PHP >= 8

- **Problem:** Error cloning private package via SSH. IC builds + secrets management is intended to clone over https and not over ssh as that would require a ssh key and the process to set things up is way more complex than http auth.

  An example error message associated to this error is:

  ```
  Failed to execute git clone --mirror -- 'git@github.com:biltmoreco/advanced-custom-fields-pro.git' '/home/pantheon-app/.cache/composer/vcs/git-github.com-biltmoreco-advanced-custom-fields-pro.git/'
  ```

>   **Solution:** Change the repository definition (in composer.json) to use https instead of ssh. In this example, the repository would be https://github.com/biltmoreco/advanced-custom-fields-pro.git

Reviewer 2: This is a solution to a Composer build problem, so it's not applicable to the non-Composer use cases.

**Problem:** Errors setting or deleting secrets

> [https://getpantheon.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CS/pages/2703163413/Errors+setting+or+deleting+secrets](https://getpantheon.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CS/pages/2703163413/Errors+setting+or+deleting+secrets)

Reviewer 3: This link will 404 for customers

Reviewer 2: Yeah I think this is an unfinished section that was missed in review. Info from Wiki needs to be copied here.

Reviewer 4: I think I resolved this in my recent work, can ya'll give it a look and let me know?

## Rate limiting

> [https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus-secrets-manager-plugin?tab=readme-ov-file#rate-limiting](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus-secrets-manager-plugin?tab=readme-ov-file#rate-limiting)

Reviewer 3: This link would be better with actual anchor text rather than just the URL.
```suggestion
[Refer to the README on rate limiting](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus-secrets-manager-plugin?tab=readme-ov-file#rate-limiting)
```
